Add initial copilot instructions (#1145)
esphome/esphome-devices: .github/copilot-instructions.md

1. **First, verify the device qualifies** for "Made for ESPHome" status
2. **Check ALL items** in the Made for ESPHome checklist above
3. **Request specific changes** for any missing requirements, referencing the exact checklist item
4. **Be thorough** - these devices represent the ESPHome standard and quality

## Example Review Comments

### For Missing Requirements

```
This device is marked as `made-for-esphome: true` but is missing some required components:

- [ ] Missing `esp32_improv:` component - required for Wi-Fi devices ([documentation](https://esphome.io/components/esp32_improv))
- [ ] Missing `dashboard_import:` component - required for user adoption ([documentation](https://esphome.io/components/esphome.html#adding-the-mac-address-as-a-suffix-to-the-device-name))
- [ ] Some entities are missing `id` definitions (e.g., line 45 sensor)

Please update the configuration to meet the Made for ESPHome standards.
```

### For Configuration Issues

```
The configuration contains secrets references which violates Made for ESPHome requirements:
- Line 23: `password: !secret api_password` should be removed
- Line 31: Static IP `192.168.1.100` should be removed

> Made for ESPHome devices must work without any user changes after adoption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Made for ESPHome devices must work without any user changes after the user chooses to "take control".
```
